followers how strong man the world is
crazy eh we have one last topic I'm not going
to go into depth obviously
because the subject is very long and most
likely well we will see it more
extensively later
okay pure ambition of the girl that
led her to that let's
see didn't lead her to that
obviously no no no she didn't ask for it
but man she wasn't well either you don't know
what crazy person you can find on the internet man
look at you eh toky a place no I
understand that civilized no and surely
not Okay family What happened here or rather
mind blowing I don't find that
Mr. doctor is making a video of
his thing the other day at night I was
here something from all this time I have
been donating to you by mistake can you please
return it to me And as El Cochiloco was saying this
is alive and no mmd it's the same hell
F for the girl you can suck my
dick wale
I was you know making the
main videos or whatever he was
doing at night and I find
that Mr. doto is releasing a video The
truth about Mau RG not the guy who
threatened of course remember that  ma RG
told that on my here Well not here on the
main channel no that Mr. doctor had
threatened him Well then a
tremendous video was put together Mr. doctor to deny
that he had threatened ma RG and
also bringing out that maurg was a misogynist
abuser that he didn't pay alimony to
his daughter that he didn't recognize her all those
things no then let's go by parts I
started chatting in the second message
okay I said dude they are manipulating
because I was taking eh I was taking
things out of context yes it is a
veiled threat let's see the fact that you and
now we're going to see surely a piece
okay the fact that you contacted a
gossip channel and told them hey dude eh I know
Right at the time of dealing with this topic I don't
know what I don't know how much
No look at me your ex contacted me
to come to my podcast and I didn't bring her of course
knowing what the ex is like that
the ex is an Amber hair okay or so I
have an interview here with that
girl I have to have an interview with
that
girl I would have to see her again
Okay, but the interview is that it lasts, it lasts
50 minutes. We're not going to look for it now,
but there were some things. Here it is. It's the
interview. Wait. Let's see if there's
anything that's the
most important, but let's go. He told me
every single thing that I was left out. Ugh, I did
n't want to go ahead with it because this
is very important, okay. Sorry to
ask, but this seems super
relevant to me. Why doesn't he want to go ahead
with the pregnancy? Because he doesn't
want to be a father or because he's not
sure that the child will be
[Applause]
his. She got pregnant, uh, he
had or said that he had doubts about
the child and she continued with the pregnancy
without being with him, okay. How good it is, it's
possible. In the end, it's
the woman who decides. I understand, but
man, Ale, it's so,
the truth is very frank. Well,
the truth is, I'm going to be very frank with you. Yes, yes,
sorry, I think it got cut off,
well,
Ale, I'm feeling a bit scared because I
just stopped answering at that moment,
but
well, I'm not afraid of him, but I'm
afraid for my pregnancy, it's different. It's that I
have a tweet here that they just
sent me where you're saying that you
're afraid of him. It
was  It contradicted what she was
telling me in the interview. This is something to
watch, eh, if you're interested in the subject, watch it
because, well, well,
a little XD No, in fact, I
remember that she told us live that
she's a lawyer, or at least she said she
was a lawyer, and she was defending a
youtuber fox, you're the one who's almost nothing, no
youtuber fox, anyway, let's see if you go ahead
and contact him, Mr. Doctor, on a
gossip channel and he says, Hey, let's discuss this,
you know, no, no, look,
you contacted me and you send him the
screenshot, you contacted me so that I can
do a little bit, I haven't done it, it's not a
veiled threat. Okay, now let's
listen to the audios, let's see the
messages, it's a veiled threat, it's not a
threat in an aggressive, violent way, no,
but it is a veiled threat. Are you
telling him, watch out, if I get angry like this? Hey,
keep in mind that this is what I've done for you, you
owe it to me. No, if it seems to
you, my doctor, if it seems to you, Maur,
that he doesn't recognize the paternity of
his daughter, what should he do?  alimony
that this is jail, I mean where he lives
this is jail if it were true okay that he
wants to take custody away from the mother
not charge her with an investigation file to get to
know your daughter that or rather on
the past date I mean yes yes you thought
all this about Maur
RG Why do you collaborate with him, I
mean you have been collaborating with
him on several occasions not only in this one
until then I
mean no here you don't think he is an
abuser what do I think well what I
think is that Mr. doctor to
be the smoke bomb the one with the bottle not
to be the smoke bomb that nobody
talks about that he lowered his pants
defrauding all the people who
followed him and turning his back on all the
people who followed him Not for nothing because I
understand that he has his interests
because they can put him in jail not
because he insulted Marifer because he insulted her
because he defamed her and then on top of that
when there was an order to stop
from the court he acted like a pimp
too because he was the one who was victimized he
was taking a bath in dough and all that r
then what is it  what I think is that
this is a [ __ ] smoke bomb this is
a smoke bomb so that people
forget that you got scared of
Marifer you didn't have the balls to put your
balls on Marifer and now you want to put it on
this one you know what I mean Who's going to
defend you of course and that's it and they forget that
you've screwed up and they forget
that you've been lying all
this time I'm not going to go all the way I do
n't know what no if in order to have
made the [ __ ] ridiculous thing that my
doctor has done what he should have done
from the beginning is to have made an
agreement with
Marifer Hey look I apologize
for the insults I don't know what I don't know how much
but I think this no that now in the
end he's taken it so far he's
taken it so far he's taken it so far that he's
even had to accept
graphology as valid he's
made a fool of himself okay I put two
messages here and I said man boy you
're skipping a few things of
course they are a
veiled threat the owner of this video or a
moderator has put you on
hold the guy who  He was fighting for
freedom of expression and was tearing his
clothes off, he censored me on his chat
because I was giving
my opinion a couple of months ago Mauricio
Rivero better known as maur guno
felt threatened by a
later server who sent him a series of
audios to his WhatsApp apparently Mau rg1
has declared against Mr. doctor
so he decided to go testify at the
Mexico City prosecutor's office but what are those
audios for which maur guno has
felt threatened that was what I
told him very late Sao in the next live that
gives us time I promise you okay without
without objectives and without anything but we'll see
this topic and that's it it's almost 4 I'm there
This is the fourth live today eh
Really, the prosecutor's office can order you to
go testify before a hearing
Oh, in addition to showing you the audios that he
sends to Mauricio in which he did not
threaten him and much less wanted to blackmail him
as he claims, I will tell you the
unknown story between maur gunu and his
ex-partner Ah now now we are going to tell it
now we will tell it okay okay or rather before
we  the story of his
ex-partner mattered at all Now yes Now yes Flores how
is it that he did not want to acknowledge his own
daughter how is it that he was reported to the
laws as a food debtor and how is it that
he does not even have custody of his daughter and when it was his turn to meet her
when it was his turn to see her for the first time he did not
arrive I tell you this time it is no longer
against me it is against my daughter whom I
subject to the stress of meeting and
forcing her to live with a person she does
not know and who today it is evident
that he does not love her, that he is not interested in the
least What do you think would you
meet your own children after
how many years does this Lore have much
more context and has much more history
neither do I no no no I am not friends with
Maur I do not put my hand in the fire for
either of them
but so far it is what I am telling you, I
mean, the guy is not in jail he is
paying for his
things her story does not add up to me Let's
start with the basics Who is Mao
rg1 Mauricio riverol Gibson better known
as Mau rg1 is a famous
Mexican youtuber not born on  July 20
1993 which is dedicated to producing
gossip videos on its digital platforms
because what I do I feel is not
gossip dude I feel that I feel that it is not
gossip and today is Wednesday I
quote about gossip so is it gossip
or is it not gossip my Mao But well
According to the youtube pedia site Mao rg1
is considered one of the most
hated youtubers on the platform counting on the
contempt of approximately
0% of
Spanish-speaking YouTube pedia youtubers but he doesn't
only attack male youtubers he also gives his
opinion on other people's bodies, women
especially because of their abdominal perimeter
like the case of Dani Hoyos but just like
you or rather but just like you Oh this
is a bomb and that's it I don't know if
ma is going to respond to this but let's go it
would be very showy if she doesn't
respond It is confirmed that Daniela os is
pregnant which gives me great pleasure to be
right the truth in this story give us
let's go I hope you pay close
attention because  see one of pregnant
women who is going to have G Daniela os that
nonsense was
me I thought I was going to put a c
here of the man I messed with a fat woman and you to
mess with fat women and it was because I
was giving my opinion on whether a ch passes or not
but man do you remember everything
you have said Mister doctor was a
perimeter greater than the
established standards of beauty for women
fortunately Dani Hoyos responded
through Instagram Where are the
trigis repeat after me do not comment
on the bodies of others unrelated to this Ah skid skid
Mauricio also
responded that since his channel is a
gossip channel that he does not corroborate the
information he only repeats what others
say double chin double chin pape adilla eh he
felt threatened okay let's go to the part
of The threat let's see if you
see it as a threat or not Here I want to
clarify something and pay close attention if
I am talking about this issue it is because
Mauricio went to two YouTube channels to
talk about the subject When I hadn't
said
anything cameo Not even  He had named
him alone went to speak and accept that he went to
testify because he felt threatened
well This thing about him not saying anything
is not true yes he had said it The
thing is that he didn't say his full name but I do
n't know if he put the initials or something like that
but come on it was understood quite clearly and
everyone caught him but don't think that
he went to report me So if he was
the first to speak now I have my
right of reply to execute at this
moment it's also true let's go with the
first audio for which he felt
threatened which I sent it to him as we
are seeing on screen on Tuesday
October 15, 2024 at 1 in the afternoon
with 8 minutes or let's
see okay he sends him the
screenshot he sends him the
screenshot of the message from Ale
dolores accompanied by the
audio it lasts 31
seconds okay well here
the audio almost doesn't fit he's not going to put it complete
How are you Hey I saw that you got on the
train of Hey friend and I want to confirm
this part eh And and here I do want to be
very present I ask it as
someone who appreciates you for having me
having opened the doors of your house to me,
I always value that, I know it's your
job, it doesn't take anything away from me, you know
that I love gossip and just like
eh I talk, I have no problem with them talking about
me, so if there is a
complaint, it's not how they paint it and not
because I mean, I can give it to you myself.
Even if you want, when all
this is over, the exclusive. I just want to ask
a big favor. I know that's your
job. If you want, you can continue with
this. I have no problem, but
try to be fair with both
parties.
MM
and accompanied by the
screenshot, the audio is missing, I haven't
told it. Let's
see, no, I would say no. Eh, I would say it's
complete, I got scared Jai, remove it, no,
but let's see what this audio is about,
accompanied by the
screenshot, accompanied by the
screenshot of the girlfriend, for me it is clearly a
veiled threat,
for me it is a
very clearly veiled threat and now, well, he is an
abuser and all that stuff.
This is
okay, let's see, let's see this thread, how they denounce him, the
violent youtuber who imprisoned
the mother of his daughter  being pregnant he
imprisoned the mother of his daughter being
pregnant let's see how he imprisoned her
the hell that he has made the
mother of his daughter and other
women live through t ta such a son of Mauricio
Riverol de Teresa, an employee of the
Federal Government and how he
imprisoned her, damn this is ugly eh That
is ugly eh
talking to a friend on Facebook we
started talking about sexy youtubers
I mentioned Dayan Hernandez and he
sent me five photos where you can see that they
are hitting it hard I am sending them to you so you can
see them really when I received this
[ __ ] I got really excited I simply
could not believe what I was seeing I
am looking at the photographs and well I
think Diana Hernandez is not an idiot, I mean she
is an actress and besides she is a youtuber she gives
Dayana Hernandez a very badass air
I could say that she is her twin her
double but I doubt that it is Diana
Hernandez because I tell you as you are a
public figure you take care of what you do take care of
the photos girl well apparently she is
aware of the photographs that
are being taken of her I am seeing them I am
shocking the number of doubles of
youtubers that are in porn now you
will wonder how can we get
these photographs Well if you
follow me on my Twitter @m reg but it is not
a real pack it is a pack of a double from
a porn trip it
is a p it is a p that is uploaded on the
internet of a double do not [ __ ] with me it is a
bait of balls I believed it was a
real p [ __ ] for 100,000 followers I
take off my underwear here with
you Well let's see in 2017 they accused him
of violence against his partner she accused him
okay hle Dolores that the same thing told you
that she was afraid that she was not afraid
we saw it here in the interview okay
the story did not fit me I remember
perfectly I do not remember all the
interview but I remember that at the time it did
not fit me and then when we finished
the interview he also asked me to
remove it that I am going to remove it I just did it
people are going to see it very strange
you know
m I want to know what is this about the
jail Mauricio denounced al for
domestic violence in
2022 with deception  she met
him to go to the
gynecologist and they jailed her But well
let's see let's see let's see let's see let's see let's
see I mean they
report him and they don't put him in
jail and and he reports him she reports her and
if they jail
her let's see let's see forgive me forgive me
forgive me but let's
see some clue would you see did
n't they jail her for 72
hours for a crime she didn't
commit which resulted in the
death of one of the fetuses
javid you need to know everything in full and you'll
realize Mau's lies let's
see what I would propose would be a
debate because the truth is that I don't give a damn
So what I
would propose would be a debate but I'm
telling you
[Music]
that they jail her for a crime she did
n't
commit no let's see another I don't know the truth I
mean it's weird
no it's weird no I
mean that they put you in jail
for her she's not going to debate she's not going
to debate But she's constantly
on these Legon Passa channels And
that's in the chat then of course not  is going to
debate but it is on the
hate channels I don't know that Maur owes 5 years of
pension and refuses to testify It's that they
put you in jail in Mexico
But that lasts 2 minutes what the [ __ ] are
you sending me wale YouTube what are you doing well at
least comment on it nothing nothing The
striped one that has crying is by the book
eh
cry they want my translation I have
had to take a dog course
to be able to speak dog Look at my
translation of this churr that I invested
money in Lali so that she uses the
lawyer too this rapper
frco But what is a I mean another live
about me I mean the content of these
people are about me full about me a
live about me exclusive well what's
new no that I have paid
Lali's complaint But if I haven't already said
explain exp explain to people something it's
like it doesn't matter what I explain to
Lali I didn't introduce Pablo to me Pablo
Yeah Well I don't know if Pablo or Lali or why they
published I don't know how but I already found out
that they were in the procedure
when the complaint was already there
put I don't know Laguna on both sides
eh today Mr. doctor has revealed more
details about Maur let's see here I tell you
several things
ok point number one lagoons on both
sides lagoons on Dolores' part and
Laguna on Maur's part but at the moment
Maur is in jail and that gives me
the feeling that For some reason it will be no I mean I don't think
a guy is freely
on the street such and such But well in
the subject such and such I'm not going to put my hand in the
fire for any of them I wait for him to
answer we'll see all okay em
in fact Wait a
moment
because I did write to him to see well I can't say everything he told me okay But well Ultimately I can't say everything okay I told him Hey man defend yourself from this [ __ ] [ __ ] but Ultimately if this were true he would be in jail okay he would be in jail What's
the deal The deal is that if Mr. doctor
I thought this about
Mauricio if Mauricio doesn't say anything my
doctor keeps it quiet It
seems very low to me and it's good that
you declared before the prosecutor's office that you
feel threatened Because this is a
threat of something very private of yours and that  They
tell you look look what I have I don't know how to
lie I'm a threat it's a
very veiled threat obviously but it's a
threat I
mean what is someone sending me
give me an explanation of why you
send him that audio accompanied by that
capture I didn't go at the request of the
prosecutor's office ma rg1 betrayed Mr. doctor what
bothers me is that people are two-
faced it doesn't seem fair to me to be that
traitorous I've never liked with the
big difference that I do validate
all my sources you receive threats just
like I did for Charlotte when she threatened me
and did all this to me
listen how he says he didn't see the live listen to him he didn't threaten me verbally verbally he doesn't see it he didn't threaten me verbally but he sent me the capture it's not a threat and now what is the explanation or I mean what is the explanation that he sent you that audio with the
screenshot of your girlfriend of your ex with
whom you have those
problems is a veiled threat it's not
a it's not a violent threat
obviously because he's not going to leave that
in writing in Mexico okay But what's
the point  if I send you an audio [ __ ]
how many times have they sent me an audio and
told me Hey man if you address this issue
please Say this or don't say this I don't know
something like that okay but they don't
accompany it with a screenshot of
something private of mine s I mean it doesn't make
sense it doesn't make sense man it's a
veiled threat that
doesn't mean that Maur is a white dove already they hit each other I am not friends with Mau nor do I know all the lords of Mau I mean I interviewed him one day he has come here to talk about gossip a few times and one day I interviewed her Ale
dolores Okay now Mister doctor
has already shown me many times that he is not
trustworthy but I'm telling you
let's see the guy makes quite a
movie now Well if I thought that this
man was an abuser because he collaborated
with him I mean yes yes if Maur does not get to
testify against him he keeps
quiet no no no man it doesn't make
sense So how was I neutral or was I
threatening  He confessed that he was in
jail while pregnant because
Mauricio Riverol filed a
complaint against him. Oh okay, so he's the bad guy
for filing a complaint. He
's the bad guy for filing a
complaint. He was threatened. What did I
really say? Can the prosecutor's office order you to
testify before a
hearing? She showed it and the
prosecutor's office said this. Oh well, yes, I'm
interested in this whole thing, come
testify if it's true and I even
said, wow, I said no, well yes, I'm going. I'm
Octavia Royo, better known as my
doctor. I mean, what Maur said
was that they called him to testify
and without him
offering to see me, yes, they have called me to
testify in some trial in which I have not
asked to be put as a
witness and they have called me to testify
because because one of the parties
asked me. That happened to me in a trial that you
all know. I didn't, I didn't offer myself.
What happens is that when I was
arguing with one of the parties
live, well, I said something they made them
call me, you know, but what
Maur said? No  I know the truth if it makes
sense that's why they called him I think that I think
that he simply
wanted to present himself as a witness and he
has and has made that excuse he has
sold it like that But you wanted to go and that's
it because he is more friendly with the
other one I don't know the truth around there I think that's where the
shots go there is more change in the
video there is more that in the video
Yes yes cameo let's see what he said about
being the one who went to testify Well to
testify in quotes he went to two
YouTube channels to tell it
himself he himself went to say I did it I
put the audios I went because the
prosecution asked me in fact both
interviews were published on the same
day December 4th 2024 the
first one with Javi Oliveira Good evening
family welcome one more day Ah I hadn't
seen this on December 4th
the first one with Javi Oliveira Good
evening family welcome one more day to the
Channel today I am here super well
accompanied and it is that Look who is
here with me Mau rg1 who has been
terribly pointed out in recent
days for having betrayed Mr. doctor
if you don't know the context  I recommend
that you watch the previous video in that
interview he went to tell what he did but
without showing the audios Why would that be?
I showed him something No, well this happened
look, this one already showed it and the prosecution
said this Ah well Yes I am interested in
this thing, let him come and testify if it
is true and I even said Wow I said no well
yes I will because people
are also saying it's not that Favor with favor
is repaid It was this one, he has helped him I don't know
what story and everything but like I said she
was not the only one it was also with Mafian TV
today we [ __ ] jumped and we are
El Mafian TV Espaol no
long tablecloths it was talking about Mao that you already
invited him here too greetings to ma and the
truth is if it was a really crazy story it
was dense because at the end of the day
I did not ask for that interview I mean
Mao's girlfriend looked me up and said I have this
information are you interested I said go Let's
give it no Mao's girlfriend I mean Ale
Dolores contacted him to tell him I have
this information so when they
gave me that information that was strong and
that they told me things like  shady
there of the maous of his relationship of course
everyone can have their fetishes and
their perversions we are in
total agreement telling the perversions of the Mao
host this story is but I think that
he developed a fetish in the cinema in front
of this girl's little brother dude So I do
n't know I think something kind of shady came out there
and the girl I think wanted to
air it out she wanted to burn it okay And I well
in that not expert in social networks I said well
the investigation is good
let's not give it no and something really morbid came out
and yes I made myself known like that on
YouTube and well nothing became a
monster it became something huge obviously at the
time they confronted each other and they told each other
their truths my maximum is not to work in
Televisa or not Yes that happened in you know
Azteca it is not my maximum And surely I'm going to
see this
Yu you move so much let's see let's see stop
wobbling stop wobbling calm down stop
wobbling stop wobbling Prim
we're going to take it out because surely I'm
going to see this reuploaded on YouTube the
fans have already uploaded something  epic however in
order to see someone and have a
common enemy they decided to
forgive each other to rant against me
because they are going to hear everything
the mafian said and he was supported by Mauricio
but then another gossip communicator
who is mostly from television
but not this one on YouTube, well it's that I wasn't the one
who betrayed Mr. doctor said
that guy because Mr. doctor according to the
journalist I didn't see that part of the
Mister doctor live said no to this
youtuber who betrayed me who now has
changed my perspective dude I'm
going to tell you everything dude I said a little like
what the hell I didn't take care of his mother dude I
said No way I mean if this video
lasts an hour well Ultimately